Add rate limits for ECH (#488)
elastic/opentelemetry: docs/reference/motlp.md

}
```

The causes of rate limiting differ by deployment type:

- **{{serverless-full}}**: You exceed the 15 MB/s rate limit or 30 MB/s burst limit.
- **{{ech}}**: You send load spikes that exceed current limits (temporary `429`s) or your {{es}} cluster can't keep up with the load (consistent `429`s).

After your sending rate goes back to the allowed limit, or after the system scales up the rate limit for {{ech}}, requests are automatically accepted again.

### Solutions to rate limiting

The solutions to rate limiting depend on your deployment type:

#### {{ech}} deployments

> For {{ech}} deployments, if you're experiencing consistent `429` errors, the primary solution is to increase your {{es}} capacity. Because rate limits scale dynamically based on {{es}} backpressure, scaling up your {{es}} cluster allows the rate limits to automatically increase over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {{ech}} deployments, if you're experiencing consistent `429` errors, the primary solution is to increase your {{es}} capacity. Because rate limits scale dynamically based on {{es}} backpressure, scaling up your {{es}} cluster reduces backpressure and eventually increases the ingestion rate for your deployment.
```

**nit**: added a bit to suggest that the rate limiting is not explicitly tied to ES size.
